welcome to the men of recaps this is the
bachelor episode 5 last week ended on a
cliffhanger we were right before the
rose ceremony but the girls were all mad
at Peter for taking a laya back she made
her bed and she has to Aleya in it
luckily very quickly Peter realizes he
made a huge mistake and sends her leia
back home then they do have a rose
ceremony where the last couple of girls
I have never seen before are out of here
so the show's back on track we're ready
to have some fun go into Costa Rica
here's a Bachelor geography lesson for
you Costa Rica is not an island you're
thinking of Frederico but when Peter
meets the girls here he's got a huge
bandage on his head he spins in
elaborate tale which I was believing
until the part where he wrestled a puma
the true story is hilarious he bumped
his head on a golf cart which caused him
to smash a glass into his forehead if
you're thinking to yourself how is that
even possible here's the tape I rewound
and watched this about a dozen times and
here it is for you guys enjoy anyway the
first Costa Rica date goes to Sydney she
was one who led the charge last week
about hey Peter you've been totally
ignoring us because of this drama so now
she gets a great one-on-one time
helicopter ride over Costa Rica and a
beautiful picnic she and Peter connected
early on she had a rough childhood
growing up without her father and being
mixed racing in the south more
importantly though she is gorgeous and
Peter says she's the best kisser in the
house they go down to a waterfall hot
tub and have a steamy makeout session
alright this is where Peter shines
dealing with the house drama he has no
clue making out in hot tubs he's your
guy speaking of house drama Kelsey the
champagne crier is crying again she just
had her one-on-one date with Peter last
week where they had a real connection
and it's hard to see him go off with
other girls - theoretically make out in
hot tubs yes it is weird and in real
life it would be a deal-breaker if the
guy you just started dating was still
dating 12 other girls Tammy tries to
console her like hey it's the bachelor
that's how it goes just you know suck it
up the next day is a group date and
unlike football this one plays to the
strengths of these wannabe Instagram
models they're doing a photo shoot for
cosmopolitan it's fun times girls in
bikinis Peter's ABS Victoria F breaks
the seal and starts kissing Peter [ __ ]
yeah
it's just tough kiss fest after that
Victoria F in fact wins the challenge
and she gets the personal photo shoot
with Peter for the cover of Cosmo so you
know watch out for that
Timmy's kind of fed up with how Kelsey's
been crying around and starts
bad-mouthing her do the other girls
luckily she stops there and doesn't turn
this into a whole episode consuming
drama just kidding she tells Peter about
how Kelsey's having a mental breakdown
and maybe has a drinking problem and so
Kelsey's the centre of drama
once again the next date is Kelly the
lawyer from Chicago who met Peter before
the show by random chance she played a
big part in the first episodes but we
haven't really seen her at all lately
apparently Peter hasn't either he's
concerned that their relationship
started out great but as kind of
plateaued they go to some sort of
spiritual spa situation you know how
those are and all the signs come back
that these two aren't really in the same
place right now they have a talk about
it Peters like hey I'm really into you
are you feeling this or like do you just
want to go home it's kind of difficult
to decipher this conversation because
they're not allowed to say yeah we're on
a reality show it's weird they say
things like this process is difficult
and this journey is not easy the gist of
it is that Kelly's a normal mature woman
with a career and stuff she's not your
typical bachelor contestant who's just
happy to get engaged after being on a
reality TV show but she's like I really
do like you Peter I want to keep this
going and so they keep going to a hot
tub with the waterfall for making out
the next day Kelsey is up to no good she
sneaks over to Peters apartment to have
a talk she's like hey Tammy's been
bad-mouthing me and my feelings are hurt
and Peter's eaten this up I don't know
what he sees in her it's obvious she's a
crazy person but he gives her a rose
right now to let her know she's safe
when she comes back Rose in hand
needless to say the other girls and not
happy they're even less happy when Chris
Harrison comes in to tell him the
cocktail party's canceled Peter knows
who he wants to send home feel like
Peters cancelled a lot of events this
season does he just like have better
stuff to do so yes the girls all yell at
each other yelling but then it's time
for the rose ceremony and without the
cocktail party to solidify relationships
with Peter a lot of the girls are
worried my girl McKenna in particular is
freaking out the editors love cutting
too
it seems like she often has the best
reactions to different situations Peter
though has not seen much of her at all
lately she's worried she's going so the
Rose ceremony's about to begin but Tammy
interrupts hey can I have a quick word
with you if I were the bachelor I would
say no that's totally unfair we're
specifically not having a cocktail party
so no one gets any time with me you
shouldn't be special but Peters a sucker
he goes and has a chat she tries to
quickly defend herself against Kelsey's
accusations but then McKenna is like
well if she gets to talk to Peter I'm
going to too and she steals a chat with
Peter eventually though the rose
ceremony does happen and my girl
McKenna's sticking around with one rose
left it looks like Tammy's on the
chopping block but oh she actually gets
a rose this sends home the first girl
whose name I actually remember Lexi the
cute redhead she was a sweetheart she
and Peter bonded over liking cool cars
and since Tammy and McKenna both got to
stay she's asking herself
did those cheating conversations save
them and send me home now don't forget
there's a bonus bachelor episode this
week I don't know why it's happening and
it seems like a lot of bachelor the
preview tease is a standard episode full
of some exciting romance and more
annoying drama we'll find out next time
on The Bachelor
if you liked this recap hit that
subscribe button I'm bringing you the
best recaps of TV and movies so don't
miss out
[Music]